src/content/about/index.md, before:

---
title: "I’m John Doe, A content writer based in LDN, Currently at Bookworm"
meta_title: "About"
image: "/images/author.png"
draft: false

what_i_do:
  title: "What I Do"
  items:
    - title: "Content Writing"
      description: "Purus eget ipsum elementum venenatis, quis rutrum mi semper nonpurus eget ipsum elementum venenatis."

    - title: "Photography"
      description: "Aenean maximus urna magna elementum, quis rutrum mi semper non purus eget ipsum venenatis."

    - title: "Web Research"
      description: "Aenean maximus urna magna elementum venenatis, quis semper non purus eget ipsum venenatis."
---

A content writer with over 12 years experience working across brand identity, publishing and digital products. Maecenas sit amet purus eget ipsum elementum venenatis. Aenean maximus urna magna elementum venenatis quis non purus.

Purus eget ipsum elementum venenatis. Aenean maximus urna magna elementum venenatis, quis rutrum mi semper non purus eget ipsum elementum venenatis, aenean maximus urna magna elementum.

Commit message:

Update privacy policy and author info

src/content/about/index.md, after:

---
title: "I’m Rüdiger Wolf, a product delivery manager."
meta_title: "About"
image: "/images/rnwolf-with-wings.jpg"
draft: false

what_i_do:
  title: "What I Do"
  items:
    - title: "Lead and Motivate Teams"
      description: "I don't work alone. I lead high-performing teams, fostering collaboration, keeping everyone motivated and removing obstacles that might slow down progress."

    - title: "Plan and Manage"
      description: "I help the team break down goals into actionable steps, create aligment on approach and plans to deliver. Manage resources to ensure team has what they need to get work done."

    - title: "Communicate "
      description: "Delivery managers support open transparent channels of communication between the team, stakeholders (clients, management, product or service users), and any other parties involved. Helping to keep everyone informed of progress, concerns and managing expectations throughout the product or service lifecycle."
---

Over three decades of delivery experience in large multi-supplier enterprises and fast-growing start-ups.
